# OrderServiceCharge

### Description

Represents a service charge applied to an order.

## Properties
Name | Getter | Setter | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**uid** | getUid() | setUid($value) | **string** | Unique ID that identifies the service charge only within this order. | [optional] [beta]
**name** | getName() | setName($value) | **string** | The name of the service charge. | [optional] 
**catalog_object_id** | getCatalogObjectId() | setCatalogObjectId($value) | **string** | The catalog object ID referencing the service charge &#x60;CatalogObject&#x60;. | [optional] 
**percentage** | getPercentage() | setPercentage($value) | **string** | The service charge percentage as a string representation of a decimal number. For example, &#x60;\&quot;7.25\&quot;&#x60; indicates a service charge of 7.25%.  Exactly 1 of &#x60;percentage&#x60; or &#x60;amount_money&#x60; should be set. | [optional] 
**amount_money** | getAmountMoney() | setAmountMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The amount of a non-percentage based service charge.  Exactly one of &#x60;percentage&#x60; or &#x60;amount_money&#x60; should be set. | [optional] 
**applied_money** | getAppliedMoney() | setAppliedMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The amount of money applied to the order by the service charge, including any inclusive tax amounts, as calculated by Square.  - For fixed-amount service charges, &#x60;applied_money&#x60; is equal to &#x60;amount_money&#x60;. - For percentage-based service charges, &#x60;applied_money&#x60; is the money calculated using the percentage. | [optional] 
**total_money** | getTotalMoney() | setTotalMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The total amount of money to collect for the service charge.  __Note__: if an inclusive tax is applied to the service charge, &#x60;total_money&#x60; __does not__ equal &#x60;applied_money&#x60; plus &#x60;total_tax_money&#x60; since the inclusive tax amount will already be included in both &#x60;applied_money&#x60; and &#x60;total_tax_money&#x60;. | [optional] 
**total_tax_money** | getTotalTaxMoney() | setTotalTaxMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The total amount of tax money to collect for the service charge. | [optional] 
**calculation_phase** | getCalculationPhase() | setCalculationPhase($value) | **string** | The calculation phase at which to apply the service charge. See [OrderServiceChargeCalculationPhase](#type-orderservicechargecalculationphase) for possible values | [optional] 
**taxable** | getTaxable() | setTaxable($value) | **bool** | Indicates whether the service charge can be taxed. If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, order-level taxes automatically apply to the service charge. Note that service charges calculated in the &#x60;TOTAL_PHASE&#x60; cannot be marked as taxable. | [optional] 
**taxes** | getTaxes() | setTaxes($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\OrderLineItemTax[]**](OrderLineItemTax.md) | A list of taxes applied to this service charge. On read or retrieve, this list includes both item-level taxes and any order-level taxes apportioned to this service charge. When creating an Order, set your service charge-level taxes in this list. By default, order-level taxes apply to service charges calculated in the &#x60;SUBTOTAL_PHASE&#x60; if &#x60;taxable&#x60; is set to &#x60;true&#x60;.  This field has been deprecated in favour of &#x60;applied_taxes&#x60;. Usage of both this field and &#x60;applied_taxes&#x60; when creating an order will result in an error. Usage of this field when sending requests to the UpdateOrder endpoint will result in an error. | [optional] [deprecated]
**applied_taxes** | getAppliedTaxes() | setAppliedTaxes($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\OrderLineItemAppliedTax[]**](OrderLineItemAppliedTax.md) | The list of references to taxes applied to this service charge. Each &#x60;OrderLineItemAppliedTax&#x60; has a &#x60;tax_uid&#x60; that references the &#x60;uid&#x60; of a top-level &#x60;OrderLineItemTax&#x60; that is being applied to this service charge. On reads, the amount applied is populated.  An &#x60;OrderLineItemAppliedTax&#x60; will be automatically created on every taxable service charge for all &#x60;ORDER&#x60; scoped taxes that are added to the order. &#x60;OrderLineItemAppliedTax&#x60; records for &#x60;LINE_ITEM&#x60; scoped taxes must be added in requests for the tax to apply to any taxable service charge.  Taxable service charges have the &#x60;taxable&#x60; field set to true and calculated in the &#x60;SUBTOTAL_PHASE&#x60;.  To change the amount of a tax, modify the referenced top-level tax. | [optional] [beta]
**metadata** | getMetadata() | setMetadata($value) | **map[string,string]** | Application-defined data attached to this service charge. Metadata fields are intended to store descriptive references or associations with an entity in another system or store brief information about the object. Square does not process this field; it only stores and returns it in relevant API calls. Do not use metadata to store any sensitive information (personally identifiable information, card details, etc.).  Keys written by applications must be 60 characters or less and must be in the character set &#x60;[a-zA-Z0-9_-]&#x60;. Entries may also include metadata generated by Square. These keys are prefixed with a namespace, separated from the key with a &#39;:&#39; character.  Values have a max length of 255 characters.  An application may have up to 10 entries per metadata field.  Entries written by applications are private and can only be read or modified by the same application.  See [Metadata](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/metadata) for more information. | [optional] [beta]

Note: All properties are protected and only accessed via getters and setters.

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

