# OrderLineItem

### Description

Represents a line item in an order. Each line item describes a different product to purchase, with its own quantity and price details.

## Properties
Name | Getter | Setter | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**uid** | getUid() | setUid($value) | **string** | Unique ID that identifies the line item only within this order. | [optional] [beta]
**name** | getName() | setName($value) | **string** | The name of the line item. | [optional] 
**quantity** | getQuantity() | setQuantity($value) | **string** | The quantity purchased, formatted as a decimal number. For example: &#x60;\&quot;3\&quot;&#x60;.  Line items with a &#x60;quantity_unit&#x60; can have non-integer quantities. For example: &#x60;\&quot;1.70000\&quot;&#x60;. | 
**quantity_unit** | getQuantityUnit() | setQuantityUnit($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\OrderQuantityUnit**](OrderQuantityUnit.md) | The unit and precision that this line item&#39;s quantity is measured in. | [optional] 
**note** | getNote() | setNote($value) | **string** | The note of the line item. | [optional] 
**catalog_object_id** | getCatalogObjectId() | setCatalogObjectId($value) | **string** | The &#x60;CatalogItemVariation&#x60; id applied to this line item. | [optional] 
**variation_name** | getVariationName() | setVariationName($value) | **string** | The name of the variation applied to this line item. | [optional] 
**metadata** | getMetadata() | setMetadata($value) | **map[string,string]** | Application-defined data attached to this line item. Metadata fields are intended to store descriptive references or associations with an entity in another system or store brief information about the object. Square does not process this field; it only stores and returns it in relevant API calls. Do not use metadata to store any sensitive information (personally identifiable information, card details, etc.).  Keys written by applications must be 60 characters or less and must be in the character set &#x60;[a-zA-Z0-9_-]&#x60;. Entries may also include metadata generated by Square. These keys are prefixed with a namespace, separated from the key with a &#39;:&#39; character.  Values have a max length of 255 characters.  An application may have up to 10 entries per metadata field.  Entries written by applications are private and can only be read or modified by the same application.  See [Metadata](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/build-basics/metadata) for more information. | [optional] [beta]
**modifiers** | getModifiers() | setModifiers($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\OrderLineItemModifier[]**](OrderLineItemModifier.md) | The &#x60;CatalogModifier&#x60;s applied to this line item. | [optional] 
**taxes** | getTaxes() | setTaxes($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\OrderLineItemTax[]**](OrderLineItemTax.md) | A list of taxes applied to this line item. On read or retrieve, this list includes both item-level taxes and any order-level taxes apportioned to this item. When creating an Order, set your item-level taxes in this list.  This field has been deprecated in favour of &#x60;applied_taxes&#x60;. Usage of both this field and &#x60;applied_taxes&#x60; when creating an order will result in an error. Usage of this field when sending requests to the UpdateOrder endpoint will result in an error. | [optional] [deprecated]
**discounts** | getDiscounts() | setDiscounts($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\OrderLineItemDiscount[]**](OrderLineItemDiscount.md) | A list of discounts applied to this line item. On read or retrieve, this list includes both item-level discounts and any order-level discounts apportioned to this item. When creating an Order, set your item-level discounts in this list.  This field has been deprecated in favour of &#x60;applied_discounts&#x60;. Usage of both this field and &#x60;applied_discounts&#x60; when creating an order will result in an error. Usage of this field when sending requests to the UpdateOrder endpoint will result in an error. | [optional] [deprecated]
**applied_taxes** | getAppliedTaxes() | setAppliedTaxes($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\OrderLineItemAppliedTax[]**](OrderLineItemAppliedTax.md) | The list of references to taxes applied to this line item. Each &#x60;OrderLineItemAppliedTax&#x60; has a &#x60;tax_uid&#x60; that references the &#x60;uid&#x60; of a top-level &#x60;OrderLineItemTax&#x60; applied to the line item. On reads, the amount applied is populated.  An &#x60;OrderLineItemAppliedTax&#x60; will be automatically created on every line item for all &#x60;ORDER&#x60; scoped taxes added to the order. &#x60;OrderLineItemAppliedTax&#x60; records for &#x60;LINE_ITEM&#x60; scoped taxes must be added in requests for the tax to apply to any line items.  To change the amount of a tax, modify the referenced top-level tax. | [optional] [beta]
**applied_discounts** | getAppliedDiscounts() | setAppliedDiscounts($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount[]**](OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount.md) | The list of references to discounts applied to this line item. Each &#x60;OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount&#x60; has a &#x60;discount_uid&#x60; that references the &#x60;uid&#x60; of a top-level &#x60;OrderLineItemDiscounts&#x60; applied to the line item. On reads, the amount applied is populated.  An &#x60;OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount&#x60; will be automatically created on every line item for all &#x60;ORDER&#x60; scoped discounts that are added to the order. &#x60;OrderLineItemAppliedDiscount&#x60; records for &#x60;LINE_ITEM&#x60; scoped discounts must be added in requests for the discount to apply to any line items.  To change the amount of a discount, modify the referenced top-level discount. | [optional] [beta]
**base_price_money** | getBasePriceMoney() | setBasePriceMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The base price for a single unit of the line item. | [optional] 
**variation_total_price_money** | getVariationTotalPriceMoney() | setVariationTotalPriceMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The total price of all item variations sold in this line item. Calculated as &#x60;base_price_money&#x60; multiplied by &#x60;quantity&#x60;. Does not include modifiers. | [optional] 
**gross_sales_money** | getGrossSalesMoney() | setGrossSalesMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The amount of money made in gross sales for this line item. Calculated as the sum of the variation&#39;s total price and each modifier&#39;s total price. | [optional] 
**total_tax_money** | getTotalTaxMoney() | setTotalTaxMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The total tax amount of money to collect for the line item. | [optional] 
**total_discount_money** | getTotalDiscountMoney() | setTotalDiscountMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The total discount amount of money to collect for the line item. | [optional] 
**total_money** | getTotalMoney() | setTotalMoney($value) | [**\SquareConnect\Model\Money**](Money.md) | The total amount of money to collect for this line item. | [optional] 

Note: All properties are protected and only accessed via getters and setters.

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

